[TASK] Address recent Coding Standards (#329)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Guide-ContributionWorkflow: Documentation/Appendix/Cgl.rst

PHP
===

Make sure you are using the correct PHP codestyle. It is based on
the `TYPO3 Coding Standards <https://github.com/TYPO3/coding-standards>`__,

> (which follows PHP-FIG, PSR-1/PSR-2 and PSR-12 at the time of this writing),

Reviewer: Actually, it is PER-CS1.0 (which is identical to PSR-12) with quite some additions towards PER-CS2.0 in Core:
https://github.com/TYPO3/typo3/blob/main/Build/php-cs-fixer/config.php

PHP
===

> Make sure you are using the correct PHP codestyle. It is based on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you are using the correct PHP code style. It is based on
```
